Update messaging-system.md (#181)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/advanced-topics/message-system/custom-messages.md

---
id: custom-messages
title: Custom Messages 

> description: A brief explaination of Custom Message use in MLAPI coveing Named and Unnames messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A brief explanation of Custom Message use in MLAPI covering Named and Unnamed messages.
```

---

> If you don't want to use the MLAPI's messaging, you don't have to. You can use a thin layer called "Custom Messages" to implement your own behaviour and add custom targeting. They are unbound to any game object. Custom messages can be used in combination with [RPC messages](about-rpc.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use MLAPI's messaging system, you don't have to. You can use a thin layer called "Custom Messages" to implement your own behaviour and add custom targeting. They are unbound to any game object. Custom messages can be used in combination with [RPC messages](about-rpc.md). 
```

> If you don't want to use the MLAPI's messaging. You don't have to. You can use a thin layer called "Custom Messages" (these can be used in combination with [RPC messages](about-rpc.md) as well). Custom messages allows you to implement your own behaviour and add custom targeting etc. Custom messages are messages unbound to any game object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use the MLAPI's messaging, you don't have to. You can use a thin layer called "Custom Messages" to implement your own behaviour and add custom targeting. They are unbound to any game object. Custom messages can be used in combination with [RPC messages](about-rpc.md). 
```

> Custom messages comes in two forms, named and unnamed. Unnamed messages can be thought of as a single sending channel. A message sent has one receive handler, this is useful for building your own custom messaging system. If you want a completed messaging system, you can use named messages. The receiver registers one listen handler for each message type, and the sender can choose what type to send.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Custom messages comes in two forms: named and unnamed.
```

## Unnamed Messages

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Unnamed messages can be thought of as a single sending channel. A message sent has one receive handler, this is useful for building your own custom messaging system. 
```

**Usage**

```csharp
private void Start()
{
    //Receiving

>     CustomMessagingManager.OnUnnamedMessage += ((senderClientId, stream) =>

Reviewer 3: This will be a bit different in the next version. (correct for 0.1.0)

Author: This brings up a good point we should have a ticket to track doc updates between versions.

    {
        using (PooledBitReader reader = PooledBitReader.Get(stream))
        {
            string message = reader.ReadString(); //Example
        }
    });

    //Sending
    CustomMessagingManager.SendUnnamedMessage(clientId, myStream, "myCustomChannel"); //Channel is optional.
}

```
## Named Messages

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want a completed messaging system, you can use named messages. The receiver registers one listen handler for each message type, and the sender can choose what type to send.
```

---
id: custom-messages
title: Custom Messages 

> description: A brief explanation of Custom Message use in MLAPI covering Named and Unnamed messages.
> ---
> 
> If you don't want to use MLAPI's messaging system, you don't have to. You can use a thin layer called "Custom Messages" to implement your own behaviour and add custom targeting. They are unbound to any game object. Custom messages can be used in combination with [RPC messages](about-rpc.md). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: A brief explanation of Custom Messages use in MLAPI covering Named and Unnamed messages.
---

If you do not want to use MLAPI's messaging system, you do not have to. You can use a thin layer called "Custom Messages" to implement your own behaviour and add custom targeting. They are unbound to any game object. Custom messages can be used in combination with [RPC messages](about-rpc.md). 
```
